Add node config init and config generate commands (#16479)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-cli/configs.md

## Working with configuration

> This section contains commands for working with the {{ ydb-short-name }} cluster configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note info %}

Prior to YDB CLI X.X the `{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config` commands had the `{{ ydb-cli }} admin config` syntax and used the following common flags:

* `-f, --filename <filename.yaml>` — read input from a file, `-` for STDIN. It can be specified multiple times for commands accepting multiple files (e.g., resolve). The metadata field will determine the file type.
* `--output-directory <dir>` — dump/resolve files to a directory.
* `--strip-metadata` — remove the metadata field from the output.
* `--all` — extend command output to the entire configuration (see advanced configuration).
* `--allow-unknown-fields` — allow ignoring unknown fields in the configuration.

{% endnote %}

This section contains commands for working with the {{ ydb-short-name }} cluster configuration.
```

{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config replace -f dynconfig.yaml
# Check if it is possible to apply the configuration dynconfig.yaml to the cluster (validate all validators, version, and cluster match)
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config replace -f dynconfig.yaml --dry-run
# Apply the configuration dynconfig.yaml to the cluster, ignoring version and cluster checks (version and cluster will still be overwritten with correct ones)
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config replace -f dynconfig.yaml --force
# Fetch the main cluster configuration
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config fetch
# Fetch all current configuration files of the cluster
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config fetch --all
# Generate all possible final configurations for dynconfig.yaml
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config resolve --all -f dynconfig.yaml
# Generate the final configuration for dynconfig.yaml with labels tenant=/Root/test and canary=true
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config resolve -f dynconfig.yaml --label tenant=/Root/test --label canary=true
# Generate the final configuration for dynconfig.yaml for labels from node 1003
{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config resolve -f dynconfig.yaml --node-id 1003

> # Generate dynamic configuration file, based on static configuration on cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Generate a dynamic configuration file, based on static configuration on cluster
```

{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config genereate

> # Initialize directory with configuration, using path to configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Initialize a directory with the configuration, using the path to the configuration file
```

{{ ydb-cli }} admin node config init --config-dir <path_to_directory> --from-config <path_to_configuration_file>

> # Initialize directory with configuration, using configuration from the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Initialize a directory with the configuration, using the configuration from the cluster
```

## Working with configuration

{% note info %}

> Before YDB CLI X.X, the `{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config` commands had the format `{{ ydb-cli }} admin config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before YDB CLI 2.20.0, the `{{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config` commands had the following format: `{{ ydb-cli }} admin config`.
```

{% endnote %}

> This section contains commands for working with the [cluster configuration](../../maintenance/manual/config-overview.md) of {{ ydb-short-name }}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains commands for managing the {{ ydb-short-name }} [cluster configuration](../../maintenance/manual/config-overview.md).
```

> - Apply the configuration dynconfig.yaml to the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply the `dynconfig.yaml` configuration to the cluster:
```

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config replace -f dynconfig.yaml
    ```

> - Check if it is possible to apply the configuration dynconfig.yaml to the cluster (validate all validators, version, and cluster match):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check if it is possible to apply the `dynconfig.yaml` configuration to the cluster (run all validators, verify that the versions match):
```

Reviewer: What versions must match?

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config replace -f dynconfig.yaml --dry-run
    ```

> - Apply the configuration dynconfig.yaml to the cluster, ignoring version and cluster checks (version and cluster will still be overwritten with correct ones):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply the `dynconfig.yaml` configuration to the cluster, ignoring version and cluster checks (the version and cluster values will be overwritten with correct values):
```

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config replace -f dynconfig.yaml --force
    ```

- Fetch the main cluster configuration:

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config fetch
    ```

> - Generate all possible final configurations for dynconfig.yaml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate all possible final configurations for `dynconfig.yaml`:
```

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config resolve --all -f dynconfig.yaml
    ```

> - Generate the final configuration for dynconfig.yaml with labels tenant=/Root/test and canary=true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate the final configuration for `dynconfig.yaml` with the `tenant=/Root/test` and `canary=true` labels:
```

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config resolve -f dynconfig.yaml --label tenant=/Root/test --label canary=true
    ```

> - Generate the final configuration for dynconfig.yaml for labels from node 100:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate the final configuration for `dynconfig.yaml` for labels from node 100:
```

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config resolve -f dynconfig.yaml --node-id 100
    ```

- Generate a dynamic configuration file, based on a static configuration on the cluster:

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin cluster config genereate
    ```

- Initialize a directory with the configuration, using the path to the configuration file:

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin node config init --config-dir <path_to_directory> --from-config <path_to_configuration_file>
    ```

- Initialize a directory with the configuration, using the configuration from the cluster:

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin node config init --config-dir <path_to_directory> --seed-node <cluster_node_endpoint>
    ```

> ## Working with temporary configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Managing temporary configuration
```

> This section contains commands for working with [temporary configuration](../../maintenance/manual/dynamic-config-volatile-config.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains commands for managing [temporary configurations](../../maintenance/manual/dynamic-config-volatile-config.md).
```

> - Fetch all temporary configurations of the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fetch all temporary configurations from the cluster:
```

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin volatile-config fetch --all --output-directory <dir>
    ```

- Fetch the temporary configuration with id 1 from the cluster:

    ```bash
    {{ ydb-cli }} admin volatile-config fetch --id 1
    ```

> - Apply the temporary configuration volatile.yaml to the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply the `volatile.yaml` temporary configuration to the cluster:
```
